content/books.md, before:

---
title: "Books"
date: 2021-10-01T07:24:23+01:00
tags: []
---

I like books and sometimes I even read them!
Below you can find a unsorted list I've read and enjoyed:

- [Die Redaktion](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54430395-die-redaktion) by Benjamin Fredrich
- [Na Servus!: Wie Ich Lernte, Die Bayern Zu Lieben](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2608806-na-servus) by Sebastian Glubrecht
- [At the Edge: Riding for My Life](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30052267-at-the-edge) by Danny MacAskill
- [Herr Sonneborn geht nach Brüssel](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44290242-herr-sonneborn-geht-nach-br-ssel---abenteuer-im-europaparlament) by Martin Sonneborn
- [Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25541028-elon-musk) by Ashlee Vance
- [The Phoenix Project](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17255186-the-phoenix-project) by Gene Kim, Kevin Behr, George Spafford
- [Permanent Record ](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46223297-permanent-record) by Edward Snowden

If you think I missed a really good one, let me know :)

Commit message:

add how google works
Signed-off-by: Robert Müller 🚀 <code@brauser.io>

content/books.md, after:

---
title: "Books"
date: 2021-10-01T07:24:23+01:00
tags: []
---

I like books and sometimes I even read them!
Below you can find a unsorted list I've read and enjoyed:

- [Die Redaktion](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54430395-die-redaktion) by Benjamin Fredrich
- [Na Servus!: Wie Ich Lernte, Die Bayern Zu Lieben](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2608806-na-servus) by Sebastian Glubrecht
- [At the Edge: Riding for My Life](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30052267-at-the-edge) by Danny MacAskill
- [Herr Sonneborn geht nach Brüssel](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44290242-herr-sonneborn-geht-nach-br-ssel---abenteuer-im-europaparlament) by Martin Sonneborn
- [Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25541028-elon-musk) by Ashlee Vance
- [The Phoenix Project](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17255186-the-phoenix-project) by Gene Kim, Kevin Behr, George Spafford
- [Permanent Record ](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46223297-permanent-record) by Edward Snowden
- [How Google Works](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23158207-how-google-works) by Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg

If you think I missed a really good one, let me know :)
