content/spezi.md, before:

---
title: "🥤 spezi & cola"
date: 2021-10-01T07:24:23+01:00
hidemeta: true
tags: []
---
A completely subjective test of different Spezi and Cola brands that I got my hands on. Let me now if one is missing!

## Ratings

*Sweetness* describes the taste and how sweet it tastes, how much sugar is noticeable and how sticky is the drink without directly refering the amount of sugar in the drink - **2.5 out of 5** is my personal fav here.

*Fruityness* describes how much fruit you can taste. **3 to 4 out of 5** would be perfect for me in a Spezi.

A *Syntetic* taste sometimes occours in different types and oftes is a bit bitter. **Less is better.**

Depending on the type and also how it's delivered, *Fizz*, which means how carbonated (carbon dioxide) the drink is, does vary a lot. For me **about 3 to 4** would be best.

Last but not least, *Sugar* is refering directly to the amount of sugar per 100ml and is recalculated to a scale of 1 to 5 while 1 being the drink with least sugar and 5 being the drink with most sugar in it.

---
### Spezi Map

<div class="flourish-embed flourish-radar" data-src="visualisation/8493603"><script src="https://public.flourish.studio/resources/embed.js"></script></div>

### Cola Map

<div class="flourish-embed flourish-radar" data-src="visualisation/8550283"><script src="https://public.flourish.studio/resources/embed.js"></script></div>

## Confirmed Missing

List of Cola and Spezi that is already known to be missing. Some of them might be not available to me (yet), others are still in the pipeline.

If you have access to one of the unavailable ones or know some that are missing from the list let me know!

### Spezi

| Name                    | Status      | Source |
| ----------------------- | ----------- | ------ |
| Big Cola Mix            | In Progress | Edeka  |
| Rapp Spezi              | Unavailable | Rapp   |
| Vita Cola Mix           | Unavailable |

### Cola

| Name                            | Status      | Source                       |
| ------------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| Big Cola                        | In Progress | Edeka                        |
| Coca-Cola Life                  | Unavailable |
| Coca-Cola Light                 | Unavailable |
| Freeway Cola Light              | In Progress | Lidl                         |
| Green Cola                      | Unavailable |
| Isis Bio Fresh Cola             | Unavailable |
| K-Classic Cola                  | Unavailable | Kaufland                     |
| Penny Cola                      | In Progress | Penny                        |
| Penny Cola Stevia               | In Progress | Penny                        |
| Premium Cola                    | Unavailable | Liebick Getränke Germering ? |
| River Cola                      | Unavailable | Aldi Nord                    |
| River Cola 0% Zucker            | Unavailable | Aldi Nord                    |
| Royal Crown Cola                | Unavailable |
| Star Drink Cola                 | Unavailable | Netto Marken-Discount        |
| Star Drink Cola Light           | Unavailable | Netto Marken-Discount        |
| Topstar Cola                    | In Progress | Aldi Sued                    |
| Topstar Cola Light              | In Progress | Aldi Sued                    |
| Ubuntu Cola                     | Unavailable |
| Vita Cola Pur                   | Unavailable |

## Changelog

- 05.11.22
  - added Eizbach Cryztal Cola
  - added Penny Cola
  - added afri cola ohne zucker
  - added Gut und günstig Cola Zero
  - added Gut und günstig Cola light
  - added fritz kola super zero
  - added Vita Cola Original zuckerfrei
  - added sunfit Cola Mix
  - added Pöllinger Cola Mix
  - added Kuchlbauer Cola~Mix
  - added Landbrauerei Cola-Mix
  - added Bad Brambacher Cola Mix
  - added Hoellen Sprudel Cubana
  - added Almdudler Spezi
  - added deit zuckerfrei Cola Mix
  - added XXL Limonade Cola Mix
- 10.06.22
  - added Land L!mo - Thanks Marvin!
  - added Frische Mische - Thanks Marvin!
  - added Kuchlbauer Cola~Mix - Thanks Juliane!
  - added Pöllinger Cola Mix - Thanks Juliane!
  - added Landbrauerei Cola-Mix - Thanks Juliane!
- 23.04.22
  - added Gluggerla Cola-Mix
  - added Nawinta Cola-Mix
  - added Günni’s Cola-Mix
  - added afri cola ohne zucker - Thanks Jochen!
  - added now black cola
  - added Jarritos Mexican Cola
  - added Fentimans Curiosity Cola
- 09.04.22
  - added Adelholzener Cola Mix
  - added Maisacher Cola-Mix
  - added Paul Anderl’s Schwupp Cola-Mix
  - added Petrusquelle Cola-Mix
  - added Gut und günstig Cola Mix
  - added ja! Cola-Mix
  - updated sugar normalization from min 6.8 / max 11 to min 2.3 / max 12
- 03.04.22
  - added Paulaner Spezi Zero
- 20.03.22
  - added Eichbaum Braumeisters Cola-Mix - Thanks Jochen!
  - added alwa Limo Cola-Mix - Thanks Jochen!
  - added Teinacher Genuss Cola-Mix - Thanks Jochen!
  - added Ensinger Cola-Mix Limonade - Thanks Jochen!
- 19.03.22
  - added Mezzo Mix zero
  - added Freeway Mixx Max
  - added Freeway Cola Zero
  - changed Community Cola Zuckerfrei rating from 3 to 4
- 18.03.22
  - added Auer Cola Mix - Thanks Joshi!
  - added Paul Anderl Cola-Mix
- 13.03.22
  - added ja! Cola
  - added Freeway Cola
  - added Springe Cola - Thanks Patrick!
  - added Club Cola - Thanks Patrick!
  - added Vita Cola - Thanks Patrick!

- 06.03.22
  - added Mio Mio Cola Zero
  - added Coca Cola Zero
  - added Coca Cola Zero koffeinfrei
  - added Pepsi Max
  - added Pepsi Light
  - added Dr. Pepper Zero

- 25.02.22
  - added Gut & Günstig Cola
  - added Döner Cola
  - added The Real Cola by Booster
  - added adfri cola

Commit message:

add link to beta page
Signed-off-by: Robert Müller <code@brauser.io>

content/spezi.md, after:

---
title: "🥤 spezi & cola"
date: 2021-10-01T07:24:23+01:00
hidemeta: true
tags: []
---

---
Test the beta version of this page [here](https://the-spezi-project.vercel.app/)

---

A completely subjective test of different Spezi and Cola brands that I got my hands on. Let me now if one is missing!

## Ratings

*Sweetness* describes the taste and how sweet it tastes, how much sugar is noticeable and how sticky is the drink without directly refering the amount of sugar in the drink - **2.5 out of 5** is my personal fav here.

*Fruityness* describes how much fruit you can taste. **3 to 4 out of 5** would be perfect for me in a Spezi.

A *Syntetic* taste sometimes occours in different types and oftes is a bit bitter. **Less is better.**

Depending on the type and also how it's delivered, *Fizz*, which means how carbonated (carbon dioxide) the drink is, does vary a lot. For me **about 3 to 4** would be best.

Last but not least, *Sugar* is refering directly to the amount of sugar per 100ml and is recalculated to a scale of 1 to 5 while 1 being the drink with least sugar and 5 being the drink with most sugar in it.

---
### Spezi Map

<div class="flourish-embed flourish-radar" data-src="visualisation/8493603"><script src="https://public.flourish.studio/resources/embed.js"></script></div>

### Cola Map

<div class="flourish-embed flourish-radar" data-src="visualisation/8550283"><script src="https://public.flourish.studio/resources/embed.js"></script></div>

## Confirmed Missing

List of Cola and Spezi that is already known to be missing. Some of them might be not available to me (yet), others are still in the pipeline.

If you have access to one of the unavailable ones or know some that are missing from the list let me know!

### Spezi

| Name                    | Status      | Source |
| ----------------------- | ----------- | ------ |
| Big Cola Mix            | In Progress | Edeka  |
| Rapp Spezi              | Unavailable | Rapp   |
| Vita Cola Mix           | Unavailable |

### Cola

| Name                            | Status      | Source                       |
| ------------------------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| Big Cola                        | In Progress | Edeka                        |
| Coca-Cola Life                  | Unavailable |
| Coca-Cola Light                 | Unavailable |
| Freeway Cola Light              | In Progress | Lidl                         |
| Green Cola                      | Unavailable |
| Isis Bio Fresh Cola             | Unavailable |
| K-Classic Cola                  | Unavailable | Kaufland                     |
| Penny Cola                      | In Progress | Penny                        |
| Penny Cola Stevia               | In Progress | Penny                        |
| Premium Cola                    | Unavailable | Liebick Getränke Germering ? |
| River Cola                      | Unavailable | Aldi Nord                    |
| River Cola 0% Zucker            | Unavailable | Aldi Nord                    |
| Royal Crown Cola                | Unavailable |
| Star Drink Cola                 | Unavailable | Netto Marken-Discount        |
| Star Drink Cola Light           | Unavailable | Netto Marken-Discount        |
| Topstar Cola                    | In Progress | Aldi Sued                    |
| Topstar Cola Light              | In Progress | Aldi Sued                    |
| Ubuntu Cola                     | Unavailable |
| Vita Cola Pur                   | Unavailable |

## Changelog

- 05.11.22
  - added Eizbach Cryztal Cola
  - added Penny Cola
  - added afri cola ohne zucker
  - added Gut und günstig Cola Zero
  - added Gut und günstig Cola light
  - added fritz kola super zero
  - added Vita Cola Original zuckerfrei
  - added sunfit Cola Mix
  - added Pöllinger Cola Mix
  - added Kuchlbauer Cola~Mix
  - added Landbrauerei Cola-Mix
  - added Bad Brambacher Cola Mix
  - added Hoellen Sprudel Cubana
  - added Almdudler Spezi
  - added deit zuckerfrei Cola Mix
  - added XXL Limonade Cola Mix
- 10.06.22
  - added Land L!mo - Thanks Marvin!
  - added Frische Mische - Thanks Marvin!
  - added Kuchlbauer Cola~Mix - Thanks Juliane!
  - added Pöllinger Cola Mix - Thanks Juliane!
  - added Landbrauerei Cola-Mix - Thanks Juliane!
- 23.04.22
  - added Gluggerla Cola-Mix
  - added Nawinta Cola-Mix
  - added Günni’s Cola-Mix
  - added afri cola ohne zucker - Thanks Jochen!
  - added now black cola
  - added Jarritos Mexican Cola
  - added Fentimans Curiosity Cola
- 09.04.22
  - added Adelholzener Cola Mix
  - added Maisacher Cola-Mix
  - added Paul Anderl’s Schwupp Cola-Mix
  - added Petrusquelle Cola-Mix
  - added Gut und günstig Cola Mix
  - added ja! Cola-Mix
  - updated sugar normalization from min 6.8 / max 11 to min 2.3 / max 12
- 03.04.22
  - added Paulaner Spezi Zero
- 20.03.22
  - added Eichbaum Braumeisters Cola-Mix - Thanks Jochen!
  - added alwa Limo Cola-Mix - Thanks Jochen!
  - added Teinacher Genuss Cola-Mix - Thanks Jochen!
  - added Ensinger Cola-Mix Limonade - Thanks Jochen!
- 19.03.22
  - added Mezzo Mix zero
  - added Freeway Mixx Max
  - added Freeway Cola Zero
  - changed Community Cola Zuckerfrei rating from 3 to 4
- 18.03.22
  - added Auer Cola Mix - Thanks Joshi!
  - added Paul Anderl Cola-Mix
- 13.03.22
  - added ja! Cola
  - added Freeway Cola
  - added Springe Cola - Thanks Patrick!
  - added Club Cola - Thanks Patrick!
  - added Vita Cola - Thanks Patrick!

- 06.03.22
  - added Mio Mio Cola Zero
  - added Coca Cola Zero
  - added Coca Cola Zero koffeinfrei
  - added Pepsi Max
  - added Pepsi Light
  - added Dr. Pepper Zero

- 25.02.22
  - added Gut & Günstig Cola
  - added Döner Cola
  - added The Real Cola by Booster
  - added adfri cola
